src/components/Dropdown/Dropdown.stories.mdx, before:

# Dropdown Component

## Type: Composite

The Dropdown contains the following components: [Button](https://design-system.codelitt.dev/?path=/docs/components-button--neutral), [Input](https://design-system.codelitt.dev/?path=/docs/components-input--default) and [List](https://design-system.codelitt.dev/?path=/docs/components-list--simple-list).

## Dropdown Props

Given the nature of a composite component, in addition to its own, the Dropdown utilizes properties from the Button, Input and List components.
They are listed in the table below.

OBS: An asterisk (\*) denotes that the property will have additional info below the table.

|        Prop        |                                              Type                                               |                                                                                                                              Description                                                                                                                              | Default | Mandatory |
| :----------------: | :---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :-----: | :-------: |
|     category\*     |                                            Category                                             |                                                                                                      A Dropdown can have one of two categories (Simple or Icon).                                                                                                      |    -    |   false   |
|      disabled      |                                             boolean                                             |                                                                                                        Specifies whether or the component should be disabled.                                                                                                         |  false  |   false   |
|      editable      |                                             boolean                                             |  Allows the possibility of creating a [dropdown input](https://design-system.codelitt.dev/?path=/story/components-dropdown--editable-dropdown) instead of [dropdown button](https://design-system.codelitt.dev/?path=/story/components-dropdown--default-dropdown).   |    -    |   false   |
|   filterOptions    |                                 (options: T \| T[]) => T \| T[]                                 |                                    Accepts a function that takes the items from the options property as a parameter, and delimits the available items from the dropdown. This property is utilized only in the editable dropdown.                                     |    -    |   false   |
|    getListTitle    |                                 (selected?: T \| T[]) => string                                 | Allows the opportunity to choose a text that will be shown in the Dropdown. This text will not be covered/replaced if one or more options are selected. Example seen [here](https://design-system.codelitt.dev/?path=/story/components-dropdown--check-box-dropdown). |    -    |   true    |
|     getItemKey     |                                  (item: T) => string \| number                                  |                                                                                                        Unique key to be passed to each option in the Dropdown.                                                                                                        |    -    |   true    |
|    getItemLabel    |                                       (item: T) => string                                       |                                                                                                          Displays the text for each option in the Dropdown.                                                                                                           |    -    |   true    |
|    getItemValue    |                            (item: T) => string \| number \| string[]                            |                                                                                                       Unique value to be passed to each option in the Dropdown.                                                                                                       |    -    |   true    |
|         id         |                                             string                                              |                                                                                                                              Unique id.                                                                                                                               |    -    |   true    |
|       label        |                                             string                                              |                                                                                                         Displays the text of the option inside the Dropdown.                                                                                                          |    -    |   false   |
|  listItemCategory  | [ListItemCategory](https://design-system.codelitt.dev/?path=/docs/components-list--simple-list) |                                                                                              The Dropdown's options can have one of two categories (Simple or Checkbox).                                                                                              | simple  |   false   |
|    multiselect     |                                             boolean                                             |                                                                                           Specifies whether or not multiple options in a Dropdown are able to be selected.                                                                                            |    -    |   false   |
|      onChange      |                                    (item?: T \| T[]) => void                                    |                                                                                           Calls a function whenever a change in an event of a dropdown's item is detected.                                                                                            |    -    |   true    |
|      options       |                                               T[]                                               |                                                                                                                            Options array.                                                                                                                             |   []    |   true    |
|      selected      |                                            T[] \| T                                             |                                                                                                                       Item selected initially.                                                                                                                        |    -    |   false   |
|    selectorText    |                                             string                                              |                                       Initial text displayed to the Dropdown, for the [dropdown input](https://design-system.codelitt.dev/?path=/story/components-dropdown--editable-dropdown) it's equivalent to a placeholder                                       |    -    |   false   |
|        size        |                                              Size                                               |                                                                                                Size of the component. The change is reflected on the height and width.                                                                                                |    -    |   false   |
|        sort        |                                     (a: T, b: T) => number                                      |                                                                                                             Sorts the elements of the **options** array.                                                                                                              |    -    |   false   |
| variablesClassName |                                             string                                              |                                                                                                                    Accepts custom CSS class names.                                                                                                                    |    -    |   false   |

**Category**

1. [Simple](https://design-system.codelitt.dev/?path=/story/components-dropdown--default-dropdown) - default appearance of the Dropdown.
2. [Icon](https://design-system.codelitt.dev/?path=/story/components-dropdown--icon-dropdown) - displays an image icon in the Dropdown field.

## Getting Started

```javascript
import React, { Component, useState } from 'react';
import { Dropdown } from '@codelittinc/agnostic-design-system';

class SimpleDropdown extends Component {
  const [value, setValue] = useState('');
  const options = [
    {
      label: 'Option 1',
      value: '1'
    },
    {
      label: 'Option 2',
      value: '2'
    }
  ];

  render() {
    return (
      <Dropdown
        id='ads-dropdown'
        value={value}
        options={options}
        onChange={item => {
          setValue(item ? item.value : '');
        }}
        getItemLabel={item => item.label}
        getItemKey={item => item.value}
        getItemValue={item => item.value}
        getListTitle={item => item.label}
      />
    );
  }
}

export default SimpleDropdown;
```

## CSS Variables available

Given the nature of a composite component, in addition to its own, the Dropdown utilizes CSS variables from the Button, Input and List components.
They are listed in the table below.

### Variables of the Dropdown component

|   Property   |   Attribute   | State |
| :----------: | :-----------: | :---: |
|              |    border     |       |
|              | border-radius |       |
|              |    display    |       |
|              |   flex-wrap   |       |
|              |    margin     |       |
|              |    padding    |       |
|              |     width     |       |
| prepend-icon |     color     | hover |
| prepend-icon |     fill      | hover |
| append-icon  |     color     | hover |

### Variables from the Button initially set up in the Dropdown component

| Property |    Attribute     |     State     |
| :------: | :--------------: | :-----------: |
|          | background-color | active, hover |
|          |      border      |     hover     |
|          |      color       | hover, active |
|          | justify-content  |               |
|          |     padding      |               |

### Variables from the Input initially set up in the Dropdown component

|  Property   |    Attribute     |             State              |
| :---------: | :--------------: | :----------------------------: |
|             | background-color |             active             |
|             |      border      | hover, active, focus, positive |
|             |   borde-radius   |                                |
|             |    font-size     |                                |
|             |   font-weight    |                                |
|             |      height      |                                |
|             |   line-height    |                                |
|             |     padding      |                                |
|             |      width       |                                |
| placeholder |      color       |                                |
| placeholder |    font-size     |                                |
| placeholder |   font-weight    |                                |

### Variables from the List initially set up in the Dropdown component

| Property |    Attribute     |     State     |
| :------: | :--------------: | :-----------: |
|          | background-color |               |
|          |      border      |               |
|          |  border-radius   |               |
|          |    box-shadow    |               |
|          |      height      |               |
|          |      margin      |               |
|          |    max-height    |               |
|          |    min-width     |               |
|          |     overflow     |               |
|          |      width       |               |
|   item   | background-color | hover, active |
|   item   |  border-bottom   |     hover     |
|   item   |   border-left    |     hover     |
|   item   |   border-right   |     hover     |
|   item   |    border-top    |     hover     |
|   item   |  border-radius   |               |
|   item   |    box-shadow    |               |
|   item   |      color       |    active     |
|   item   |      cursor      |               |
|   item   |    font-size     |               |
|   item   |      height      |               |
|   item   |      margin      |               |
|   item   |    min-height    |               |
|   item   |     overflow     |               |
|   item   |     padding      |               |
|   item   |     position     |               |

Commit message:

Add Select/Deselect all option to the Dropdown

src/components/Dropdown/Dropdown.stories.mdx, after:

# Dropdown Component

## Type: Composite

The Dropdown contains the following components: [Button](https://design-system.codelitt.dev/?path=/docs/components-button--neutral), [Input](https://design-system.codelitt.dev/?path=/docs/components-input--default) and [List](https://design-system.codelitt.dev/?path=/docs/components-list--simple-list).

## Dropdown Props

Given the nature of a composite component, in addition to its own, the Dropdown utilizes properties from the Button, Input and List components.
They are listed in the table below.

OBS: An asterisk (\*) denotes that the property will have additional info below the table.

|        Prop        |                                              Type                                               |                                                                                                                              Description                                                                                                                              | Default | Mandatory |
| :----------------: | :---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :-----: | :-------: |
|     category\*     |                                            Category                                             |                                                                                                      A Dropdown can have one of two categories (Simple or Icon).                                                                                                      |    -    |   false   |
|      disabled      |                                             boolean                                             |                                                                                                        Specifies whether or the component should be disabled.                                                                                                         |  false  |   false   |
|      editable      |                                             boolean                                             |  Allows the possibility of creating a [dropdown input](https://design-system.codelitt.dev/?path=/story/components-dropdown--editable-dropdown) instead of [dropdown button](https://design-system.codelitt.dev/?path=/story/components-dropdown--default-dropdown).   |    -    |   false   |
|   filterOptions    |                                 (options: T \| T[]) => T \| T[]                                 |                                    Accepts a function that takes the items from the options property as a parameter, and delimits the available items from the dropdown. This property is utilized only in the editable dropdown.                                     |    -    |   false   |
|    getListTitle    |                                 (selected?: T \| T[]) => string                                 | Allows the opportunity to choose a text that will be shown in the Dropdown. This text will not be covered/replaced if one or more options are selected. Example seen [here](https://design-system.codelitt.dev/?path=/story/components-dropdown--check-box-dropdown). |    -    |   true    |
|     getItemKey     |                                  (item: T) => string \| number                                  |                                                                                                        Unique key to be passed to each option in the Dropdown.                                                                                                        |    -    |   true    |
|    getItemLabel    |                                       (item: T) => string                                       |                                                                                                          Displays the text for each option in the Dropdown.                                                                                                           |    -    |   true    |
|    getItemValue    |                            (item: T) => string \| number \| string[]                            |                                                                                                       Unique value to be passed to each option in the Dropdown.                                                                                                       |    -    |   true    |
|         id         |                                             string                                              |                                                                                                                              Unique id.                                                                                                                               |    -    |   true    |
|       label        |                                             string                                              |                                                                                                         Displays the text of the option inside the Dropdown.                                                                                                          |    -    |   false   |
|  listItemCategory  | [ListItemCategory](https://design-system.codelitt.dev/?path=/docs/components-list--simple-list) |                                                                                              The Dropdown's options can have one of two categories (Simple or Checkbox).                                                                                              | simple  |   false   |
|    multiselect     |                                             boolean                                             |                                                                                           Specifies whether or not multiple options in a Dropdown are able to be selected.                                                                                            |    -    |   false   |
|      onChange      |                                    (item?: T \| T[]) => void                                    |                                                                                           Calls a function whenever a change in an event of a dropdown's item is detected.                                                                                            |    -    |   true    |
|      options       |                                               T[]                                               |                                                                                                                            Options array.                                                                                                                             |   []    |   true    |
|      selected      |                                            T[] \| T                                             |                                                                                                                       Item selected initially.                                                                                                                        |    -    |   false   |
|    selectorText    |                                             string                                              |                                       Initial text displayed to the Dropdown, for the [dropdown input](https://design-system.codelitt.dev/?path=/story/components-dropdown--editable-dropdown) it's equivalent to a placeholder                                       |    -    |   false   |
|   showSelectAll    |                                             boolean                                             |                                                                                      Allows you to display an option to Select/Deselect all options. Works only with multiselect                                                                                      |  false  |   false   |
|        size        |                                              Size                                               |                                                                                                Size of the component. The change is reflected on the height and width.                                                                                                |    -    |   false   |
|        sort        |                                     (a: T, b: T) => number                                      |                                                                                                             Sorts the elements of the **options** array.                                                                                                              |    -    |   false   |
| variablesClassName |                                             string                                              |                                                                                                                    Accepts custom CSS class names.                                                                                                                    |    -    |   false   |

**Category**

1. [Simple](https://design-system.codelitt.dev/?path=/story/components-dropdown--default-dropdown) - default appearance of the Dropdown.
2. [Icon](https://design-system.codelitt.dev/?path=/story/components-dropdown--icon-dropdown) - displays an image icon in the Dropdown field.

## Getting Started

```javascript
import React, { Component, useState } from 'react';
import { Dropdown } from '@codelittinc/agnostic-design-system';

class SimpleDropdown extends Component {
  const [value, setValue] = useState('');
  const options = [
    {
      label: 'Option 1',
      value: '1'
    },
    {
      label: 'Option 2',
      value: '2'
    }
  ];

  render() {
    return (
      <Dropdown
        id='ads-dropdown'
        value={value}
        options={options}
        onChange={item => {
          setValue(item ? item.value : '');
        }}
        getItemLabel={item => item.label}
        getItemKey={item => item.value}
        getItemValue={item => item.value}
        getListTitle={item => item.label}
      />
    );
  }
}

export default SimpleDropdown;
```

## CSS Variables available

Given the nature of a composite component, in addition to its own, the Dropdown utilizes CSS variables from the Button, Input and List components.
They are listed in the table below.

### Variables of the Dropdown component

|   Property   |   Attribute   | State |
| :----------: | :-----------: | :---: |
|              |    border     |       |
|              | border-radius |       |
|              |    display    |       |
|              |   flex-wrap   |       |
|              |    margin     |       |
|              |    padding    |       |
|              |     width     |       |
| prepend-icon |     color     | hover |
| prepend-icon |     fill      | hover |
| append-icon  |     color     | hover |

### Variables from the Button initially set up in the Dropdown component

| Property |    Attribute     |     State     |
| :------: | :--------------: | :-----------: |
|          | background-color | active, hover |
|          |      border      |     hover     |
|          |      color       | hover, active |
|          | justify-content  |               |
|          |     padding      |               |

### Variables from the Input initially set up in the Dropdown component

|  Property   |    Attribute     |             State              |
| :---------: | :--------------: | :----------------------------: |
|             | background-color |             active             |
|             |      border      | hover, active, focus, positive |
|             |   borde-radius   |                                |
|             |    font-size     |                                |
|             |   font-weight    |                                |
|             |      height      |                                |
|             |   line-height    |                                |
|             |     padding      |                                |
|             |      width       |                                |
| placeholder |      color       |                                |
| placeholder |    font-size     |                                |
| placeholder |   font-weight    |                                |

### Variables from the List initially set up in the Dropdown component

| Property |    Attribute     |     State     |
| :------: | :--------------: | :-----------: |
|          | background-color |               |
|          |      border      |               |
|          |  border-radius   |               |
|          |    box-shadow    |               |
|          |      height      |               |
|          |      margin      |               |
|          |    max-height    |               |
|          |    min-width     |               |
|          |     overflow     |               |
|          |      width       |               |
|   item   | background-color | hover, active |
|   item   |  border-bottom   |     hover     |
|   item   |   border-left    |     hover     |
|   item   |   border-right   |     hover     |
|   item   |    border-top    |     hover     |
|   item   |  border-radius   |               |
|   item   |    box-shadow    |               |
|   item   |      color       |    active     |
|   item   |      cursor      |               |
|   item   |    font-size     |               |
|   item   |      height      |               |
|   item   |      margin      |               |
|   item   |    min-height    |               |
|   item   |     overflow     |               |
|   item   |     padding      |               |
|   item   |     position     |               |
