src/components/Pagination/Pagination.stories.mdx, before:

# Pagination Component

## Type: Simple

## Pagination Props

|        Prop               |           Type            |                                                                                         Description                                                                                             |        Default         | Mandatory |
| :-----------------------: | :-----------------------: | :---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :--------------------: | :-------: |
|   totalPages              |          number           |                                      Specifies the total number of pages we need to paginate.                                                                                                   |          10            |   true    |
|   numberOfPagesToShow     |          function         |                                      Specifies how many pages we should display on the screen.                                                                                                  |          3             |   true    |
|   currentPage             |          number           |                                      Specifies what is the currrent/active page the consumer is showing/displaying.                                                                             |          1             |   true    |
|   onSelectPage            |          number           |                                      Specifies what should happen when a user selects a page.                                                                                                   |          -             |   true    |
|   buttonNextLabel         |          string           |                                      Specifies the text we should display on the next button.                                                                                                   |        'Next'          |   false   |
|   buttonNextIcon          |          ReactNode        |                                      Specifies the icon to be used for the next button.                                                                                                         |          -             |   false   |
|   buttonNextIconPosition  |          Position         |                                      Specifies the position (left/right) the next button should have.                                                                                           |        'right'         |   false   |
|   buttonPrevLabel         |          string           |                                      Specifies the text we should display on the prev button.                                                                                                   |        'Prev'          |   false   |
|   buttonPrevIcon          |          ReactNode        |                                      Specifies the icon to be used for the previous button.                                                                                                     |          -             |   false   |
|   buttonPrevIconPosition  |          Position         |                                      Specifies the position (left/right) the next button should have.                                                                                           |        'left'          |   false   |


## Getting Started

```javascript
import React, { useState } from 'react';
import { Pagination } from '@codelittinc/agnostic-design-system';

const Pagination = args => {  
  const [page, setPage] = useState(args.currentPage);
  
  return <Pagination {...args} currentPage={page} onSelectPage={e => setPage(e)} />;
};

export default Pagination;
```

## CSS Variables Available

|  Property   |    Attribute     |             State              |
| :---------: | :--------------: | :----------------------------: |
|             |   list-style     |                                |
|             |      display     |                                |
|             |       gap        |                                |
|             |  flex-direction  |                                |

Commit message:

Add paginated table component
Add paginated table documentation and tests

Fix failing test

Refactor Paginated table to use table component

Adds custom style to Paginsted table

refactor code to use pagination element

update snapshot

move colspan to different table cell

update snapshot

Update styles to use variables and classnames

Add classes to HTML tags on Toggle component

Release 1.1.64

update the test cases

pass dynamic id to numeric input

fix dynamic ids

Fix id for  paginated table test

src/components/Pagination/Pagination.stories.mdx, after:

# Pagination Component

## Type: Simple

## Pagination Props

|           Prop           |   Type    |                                                           Description                                                            | Default | Mandatory |
| :----------------------: | :-------: | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :-----: | :-------: |
|        totalPages        |  number   |                                     Specifies the total number of pages we need to paginate.                                     |   10    |   true    |
|   numberOfPagesToShow    | function  | Specifies how many pages we should display on the screen, if 0, no page numbers will be displayed between prev and next buttons. |    3    |   true    |
|       currentPage        |  number   |                          Specifies what is the currrent/active page the consumer is showing/displaying.                          |    1    |   true    |
|       onSelectPage       |  number   |                                     Specifies what should happen when a user selects a page.                                     |    -    |   true    |
|     buttonNextLabel      |  string   |                                     Specifies the text we should display on the next button.                                     | 'Next'  |   false   |
|      buttonNextIcon      | ReactNode |                                        Specifies the icon to be used for the next button.                                        |    -    |   false   |
|  buttonNextIconPosition  | Position  |                                 Specifies the position (left/right) the next button should have.                                 | 'right' |   false   |
|     buttonPrevLabel      |  string   |                                     Specifies the text we should display on the prev button.                                     | 'Prev'  |   false   |
|      buttonPrevIcon      | ReactNode |                                      Specifies the icon to be used for the previous button.                                      |    -    |   false   |
|  buttonPrevIconPosition  | Position  |                                 Specifies the position (left/right) the next button should have.                                 | 'left'  |   false   |
| buttonVariablesClassName |  string   |                             Allow the customization/CSS styling of the button for the previous page.                             |    -    |   false   |

## Getting Started

```javascript
import React, { useState } from 'react';
import { Pagination } from '@codelittinc/agnostic-design-system';

const Pagination = args => {
  const [page, setPage] = useState(args.currentPage);

  return <Pagination {...args} currentPage={page} onSelectPage={e => setPage(e)} />;
};

export default Pagination;
```

## CSS Variables Available

| Property |   Attribute    | State |
| :------: | :------------: | :---: |
|          |   list-style   |       |
|          |    display     |       |
|          |      gap       |       |
|          | flex-direction |       |
