src/components/Input/Input.stories.mdx, before:

# Input Component

## Type: Simple

## Input Props

OBS: An asterisk (\*) denotes that the property will have additional info below the table.

|         Prop         |           Type            |                                                                                                                                      Description                                                                                                                                      |                                                                 Default                                                                  | Mandatory |
| :------------------: | :-----------------------: | :-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :-------: |
|      actionIcon      |      React.ReactNode      |                                                        An icon image appended to the input. It is possible to send your own [Icon](https://design-system.codelitt.dev/?path=/story/components-input--with-custom-action-icon).                                                        | By default it receives a [Close button icon](https://design-system.codelitt.dev/?path=/story/components-input--with-default-action-icon) |   false   |
|     description      |          string           |                                                                                                                            Text displayed above the input.                                                                                                                            |                                                                    -                                                                     |   false   |
|       disabled       |          boolean          |                                                                                                              Specifies whether or not an input valid should be disabled.                                                                                                              |                                                                    -                                                                     |   false   |
|      filters\*       |         Filter[]          |                                                                             Determines which characters should filtered out from the input. Expects an array of an object with two keys (type and test).                                                                              |                                                                    -                                                                     |   false   |
|          id          |          string           |                                                                                                                                      Unique id.                                                                                                                                       |                                                                    -                                                                     |   true    |
|        label         | string \| React.ReactNode | Can be used as a [string](https://design-system.codelitt.dev/?path=/story/components-input--default-with-label-text) and allow the engineer to build a [custom label](https://design-system.codelitt.dev/?path=/story/components-input--with-custom-label) and pass it as a parameter |                                                                    -                                                                     |   false   |
|        limit         |          number           |                                                                                              Value passed to maxLength. Specifies the maximum number of characters allowed in the input.                                                                                              |                                                                    -                                                                     |   false   |
|       message        |          string           |                                                                                                                         Text to be displayed below the input.                                                                                                                         |                                                                    -                                                                     |   false   |
|        onBlur        |        () => void         |                                                                                                         Calls a function whenever the user clicks outside of a focused input.                                                                                                         |                                                                    -                                                                     |   false   |
|       onChange       |     (e: any) => void      |                                                                                                       Calls a function whenever a change in an event of the input is detected.                                                                                                        |                                                                    -                                                                     |   true    |
|  onClickActionIcon   |        () => void         |                                                                                                               Event required when there is an **actionIcon** property.                                                                                                                |                                                                    -                                                                     |   false   |
|       onFocus        |        () => void         |                                                                                                               Calls a function whenever the input field is focused on.                                                                                                                |                                                                    -                                                                     |   true    |
|      onKeyDown       |        () => void         |                                                                                                             Call a function whenever a key (on the keyboard) is pressed.                                                                                                              |                                                                    -                                                                     |   false   |
|     onMouseEnter     |        () => void         |                                                                                                         Calls a function whenever the mouse pointer is moved onto the input.                                                                                                          |                                                                    -                                                                     |   false   |
|     onMouseLeave     |        () => void         |                                                                                                       Calls a function whenever the mouse pointer is moved away from the input.                                                                                                       |                                                                    -                                                                     |   false   |
|    onStateChange     | (state: boolean) => void  |                                                                                             It returns a boolean with the validation result when there is a **validationRegex** property                                                                                              |                                                                    -                                                                     |   false   |
|     placeholder      |          string           |                                                                                                                          The input field's placeholder text.                                                                                                                          |                                                                    -                                                                     |   false   |
|       prepend        |      React.ReactNode      |                                                                        It is possible to add a [prepend](https://design-system.codelitt.dev/?path=/story/components-input--with-prepend) in your input field.                                                                         |                                                                    -                                                                     |   false   |
|       required       |          boolean          |                                                                                                                  Specifies that the input field must be filled out.                                                                                                                   |                                                                    -                                                                     |   false   |
|         size         |           Size            |                                                                                                             Size of the component. The change is reflected on the height.                                                                                                             |                                                                  large                                                                   |   true    |
|        value         |          string           |                                                                                                                             The value of the input field.                                                                                                                             |                                                                    -                                                                     |   false   |
|    validations\*     |       Validation[]        |                                                         Expects an array of one or more Object(s) each with 3 keys (type, test and invalidMessage). The array can be passed in-line or through a function returning the same.                                                         |                                                                    -                                                                     |   false   |
|  variablesClassName  |          string           |                                                                                                                            Accepts custom CSS class names.                                                                                                                            |                                                                    -                                                                     |   false   |
|    withActionIcon    |          boolean          |                                                                                                                Specifies whether or not to display the **actionIcon**.                                                                                                                |                                                                    -                                                                     |   false   |
| withPrependSeparator |          boolean          |                                                                 It adds a [separator](https://design-system.codelitt.dev/?path=/story/components-input--with-prepend-separator) between the prepend and input field.                                                                  |                                                                    -                                                                     |   false   |

1. Regarding the **filters** property and its object keys: **type** can either be defined with a value of 'RegExp' or 'function' (both as strings). With each case:

- 'RegExp' - the **test** key will expect a Regular Expression as a value;
- 'function' = the **test** key will expect a function call with a single parameter (represented as the input's value) as a value;

In the example [here](https://design-system.codelitt.dev/?path=/story/components-input--with-filters), the user is blocked from typing a number due to a regular expression matching for all digits.

2. Regarding the **validations** property and its object keys, similar to the filters property above: **type** can either be defined with a value of 'RegExp' or 'function' (both as strings). With each case:

- 'RegExp' - the **test** key will expect a Regular Expression as a value;
- 'function' = the **test** key will expect a function call with a single parameter (represented as the input's value) as a value;

Lastly, **invalidMessage** should be a string.

---

**Size options**

1. large
2. medium

## Getting Started

```javascript
import React, { Component, useState } from 'react';
import { Input } from '@codelittinc/agnostic-design-system';

class SimpleInput extends Component {
  const [value, setValue] = useState('');

  const handleChange = (e) => {
    setValue(e.target.value);
  }

  render() {
    return (
      <Input onChange={handleChange} value={value} label='Simple Input' placeholder='Enter Text' />
    );
  }
}

export default SimpleInput;

```

## CSS Variables available

|  Property   |    Attribute     |                  State                   |
| :---------: | :--------------: | :--------------------------------------: |
|             | background-color |           hover, focus, active           |
|             |  border-bottom   | hover, focus, active, positive, negative |
|             |   border-left    | hover, focus, active, positive, negative |
|             |   border-right   | hover, focus, active, positive, negative |
|             |    border-top    | hover, focus, active, positive, negative |
|             |  border-radius   |                                          |
|             |    box-shadow    |                                          |
|             |      color       |                                          |
|             |     display      |                                          |
|             |  flex-direction  |                                          |
|             |   font-family    |                                          |
|             |    font-size     |                                          |
|             |   font-weight    |                                          |
|             |      height      |                                          |
|             |   line-height    |                                          |
|             |      margin      |                                          |
|             |     outline      |                 focus\*                  |
|             |     padding      |                                          |
|             |      width       |                                          |
| action-icon | background-color |                                          |
| action-icon |      color       |              hover, active               |
| action-icon |      cursor      |                                          |
| action-icon |      margin      |                                          |
| description |      color       |                                          |
| description |   font-family    |                                          |
| description |    font-size     |                                          |
| description |   font-weight    |                                          |
| description |   line-height    |                                          |
| description |      height      |                                          |
| description |      margin      |                                          |
|    label    |      color       |                                          |
|    label    |   font-family    |                                          |
|    label    |    font-size     |                                          |
|    label    |   font-weight    |                                          |
|    label    |   line-height    |                                          |
|    label    |      height      |                                          |
|    label    |      margin      |                                          |
|   message   |      color       |            positive, negative            |
|   message   |   font-family    |                                          |
|   message   |    font-size     |                                          |
|   message   |   font-weight    |                                          |
|   message   |   line-height    |                                          |
|   message   |      height      |                                          |
|   message   |      margin      |                                          |
| placeholder |      color       |                                          |
| placeholder |   font-family    |                                          |
| placeholder |    font-size     |                                          |
| placeholder |   font-weight    |                                          |
|   prepend   | background-color |        hover, positive, negative         |
|   prepend   |       left       |                                          |
|   prepend   |     padding      |                                          |
|   prepend   |   padding-left   |                                          |

Commit message:

Add hideLabel property to the Input component

src/components/Input/Input.stories.mdx, after:

# Input Component

## Type: Simple

## Input Props

OBS: An asterisk (\*) denotes that the property will have additional info below the table.

|         Prop         |           Type            |                                                                                                                                      Description                                                                                                                                      |                                                                 Default                                                                  | Mandatory |
| :------------------: | :-----------------------: | :-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :-------: |
|      actionIcon      |      React.ReactNode      |                                                        An icon image appended to the input. It is possible to send your own [Icon](https://design-system.codelitt.dev/?path=/story/components-input--with-custom-action-icon).                                                        | By default it receives a [Close button icon](https://design-system.codelitt.dev/?path=/story/components-input--with-default-action-icon) |   false   |
|     description      |          string           |                                                                                                                            Text displayed above the input.                                                                                                                            |                                                                    -                                                                     |   false   |
|       disabled       |          boolean          |                                                                                                              Specifies whether or not an input valid should be disabled.                                                                                                              |                                                                    -                                                                     |   false   |
|      filters\*       |         Filter[]          |                                                                             Determines which characters should filtered out from the input. Expects an array of an object with two keys (type and test).                                                                              |                                                                    -                                                                     |   false   |
|      hideLabel       |          boolean          |                                                                                                           It will be able to render the Label property but being hidden by CSS.                                                                                                           |                                                                    -                                                                     |   false   |
|          id          |          string           |                                                                                                                                      Unique id.                                                                                                                                       |                                                                    -                                                                     |   true    |
|        label         | string \| React.ReactNode | Can be used as a [string](https://design-system.codelitt.dev/?path=/story/components-input--default-with-label-text) and allow the engineer to build a [custom label](https://design-system.codelitt.dev/?path=/story/components-input--with-custom-label) and pass it as a parameter |                                                                    -                                                                     |   false   |
|        limit         |          number           |                                                                                              Value passed to maxLength. Specifies the maximum number of characters allowed in the input.                                                                                              |                                                                    -                                                                     |   false   |
|       message        |          string           |                                                                                                                         Text to be displayed below the input.                                                                                                                         |                                                                    -                                                                     |   false   |
|        onBlur        |        () => void         |                                                                                                         Calls a function whenever the user clicks outside of a focused input.                                                                                                         |                                                                    -                                                                     |   false   |
|       onChange       |     (e: any) => void      |                                                                                                       Calls a function whenever a change in an event of the input is detected.                                                                                                        |                                                                    -                                                                     |   true    |
|  onClickActionIcon   |        () => void         |                                                                                                               Event required when there is an **actionIcon** property.                                                                                                                |                                                                    -                                                                     |   false   |
|       onFocus        |        () => void         |                                                                                                               Calls a function whenever the input field is focused on.                                                                                                                |                                                                    -                                                                     |   true    |
|      onKeyDown       |        () => void         |                                                                                                             Call a function whenever a key (on the keyboard) is pressed.                                                                                                              |                                                                    -                                                                     |   false   |
|     onMouseEnter     |        () => void         |                                                                                                         Calls a function whenever the mouse pointer is moved onto the input.                                                                                                          |                                                                    -                                                                     |   false   |
|     onMouseLeave     |        () => void         |                                                                                                       Calls a function whenever the mouse pointer is moved away from the input.                                                                                                       |                                                                    -                                                                     |   false   |
|    onStateChange     | (state: boolean) => void  |                                                                                             It returns a boolean with the validation result when there is a **validationRegex** property                                                                                              |                                                                    -                                                                     |   false   |
|     placeholder      |          string           |                                                                                                                          The input field's placeholder text.                                                                                                                          |                                                                    -                                                                     |   false   |
|       prepend        |      React.ReactNode      |                                                                        It is possible to add a [prepend](https://design-system.codelitt.dev/?path=/story/components-input--with-prepend) in your input field.                                                                         |                                                                    -                                                                     |   false   |
|       required       |          boolean          |                                                                                                                  Specifies that the input field must be filled out.                                                                                                                   |                                                                    -                                                                     |   false   |
|         size         |           Size            |                                                                                                             Size of the component. The change is reflected on the height.                                                                                                             |                                                                  large                                                                   |   true    |
|        value         |          string           |                                                                                                                             The value of the input field.                                                                                                                             |                                                                    -                                                                     |   false   |
|    validations\*     |       Validation[]        |                                                         Expects an array of one or more Object(s) each with 3 keys (type, test and invalidMessage). The array can be passed in-line or through a function returning the same.                                                         |                                                                    -                                                                     |   false   |
|  variablesClassName  |          string           |                                                                                                                            Accepts custom CSS class names.                                                                                                                            |                                                                    -                                                                     |   false   |
|    withActionIcon    |          boolean          |                                                                                                                Specifies whether or not to display the **actionIcon**.                                                                                                                |                                                                    -                                                                     |   false   |
| withPrependSeparator |          boolean          |                                                                 It adds a [separator](https://design-system.codelitt.dev/?path=/story/components-input--with-prepend-separator) between the prepend and input field.                                                                  |                                                                    -                                                                     |   false   |

1. Regarding the **filters** property and its object keys: **type** can either be defined with a value of 'RegExp' or 'function' (both as strings). With each case:

- 'RegExp' - the **test** key will expect a Regular Expression as a value;
- 'function' = the **test** key will expect a function call with a single parameter (represented as the input's value) as a value;

In the example [here](https://design-system.codelitt.dev/?path=/story/components-input--with-filters), the user is blocked from typing a number due to a regular expression matching for all digits.

2. Regarding the **validations** property and its object keys, similar to the filters property above: **type** can either be defined with a value of 'RegExp' or 'function' (both as strings). With each case:

- 'RegExp' - the **test** key will expect a Regular Expression as a value;
- 'function' = the **test** key will expect a function call with a single parameter (represented as the input's value) as a value;

Lastly, **invalidMessage** should be a string.

---

**Size options**

1. large
2. medium

## Getting Started

```javascript
import React, { Component, useState } from 'react';
import { Input } from '@codelittinc/agnostic-design-system';

class SimpleInput extends Component {
  const [value, setValue] = useState('');

  const handleChange = (e) => {
    setValue(e.target.value);
  }

  render() {
    return (
      <Input onChange={handleChange} value={value} label='Simple Input' placeholder='Enter Text' />
    );
  }
}

export default SimpleInput;

```

## CSS Variables available

|  Property   |    Attribute     |                  State                   |
| :---------: | :--------------: | :--------------------------------------: |
|             | background-color |           hover, focus, active           |
|             |  border-bottom   | hover, focus, active, positive, negative |
|             |   border-left    | hover, focus, active, positive, negative |
|             |   border-right   | hover, focus, active, positive, negative |
|             |    border-top    | hover, focus, active, positive, negative |
|             |  border-radius   |                                          |
|             |    box-shadow    |                                          |
|             |      color       |                                          |
|             |     display      |                                          |
|             |  flex-direction  |                                          |
|             |   font-family    |                                          |
|             |    font-size     |                                          |
|             |   font-weight    |                                          |
|             |      height      |                                          |
|             |   line-height    |                                          |
|             |      margin      |                                          |
|             |     outline      |                 focus\*                  |
|             |     padding      |                                          |
|             |      width       |                                          |
| action-icon | background-color |                                          |
| action-icon |      color       |              hover, active               |
| action-icon |      cursor      |                                          |
| action-icon |      margin      |                                          |
| description |      color       |                                          |
| description |   font-family    |                                          |
| description |    font-size     |                                          |
| description |   font-weight    |                                          |
| description |   line-height    |                                          |
| description |      height      |                                          |
| description |      margin      |                                          |
|    label    |      color       |                                          |
|    label    |   font-family    |                                          |
|    label    |    font-size     |                                          |
|    label    |   font-weight    |                                          |
|    label    |   line-height    |                                          |
|    label    |      height      |                                          |
|    label    |      margin      |                                          |
|   message   |      color       |            positive, negative            |
|   message   |   font-family    |                                          |
|   message   |    font-size     |                                          |
|   message   |   font-weight    |                                          |
|   message   |   line-height    |                                          |
|   message   |      height      |                                          |
|   message   |      margin      |                                          |
| placeholder |      color       |                                          |
| placeholder |   font-family    |                                          |
| placeholder |    font-size     |                                          |
| placeholder |   font-weight    |                                          |
|   prepend   | background-color |        hover, positive, negative         |
|   prepend   |       left       |                                          |
|   prepend   |     padding      |                                          |
|   prepend   |   padding-left   |                                          |
