src/components/TextArea/TextArea.stories.mdx, before:

# TextArea Component

## Type: Simple

## TextArea Props

|        Prop        |           Type            |                                                               Description                                                                | Default | Mandatory |
| :----------------: | :-----------------------: | :--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :-----: | :-------: |
|    description     |          string           |                                                  Text that displays above the textarea.                                                  |    -    |   false   |
|      disabled      |          boolean          |                                       Specifies whether or not a textarea is disabled/actionable.                                        |  false  |   false   |
|         id         |          string           |                                                                Unique id.                                                                |    -    |   true    |
|   invalidMessage   |          string           | Text that displays when validation fails for the Textarea's value. The **required** property needs to be set to true for this to appear. |    -    |   false   |
|       label        | string \| React.ReactNode |                                                  Text that displays above the Textarea.                                                  |    -    |   false   |
|      message       |          string           |                                                  Text that displays below the Textarea.                                                  |    -    |   false   |
|       onBlur       |     (e: any) => void      |                                 Calls a function whenever the user clicks outside of a focused Textarea.                                 |    -    |   false   |
|      onChange      |     (e: any) => void      |                               Calls a function whenever a change in an event of the textarea is detected.                                |    -    |   true    |
|   onStateChange    | (state: boolean) => void  |                                 It returns a boolean on **onChange** event when **required** is applied                                  |    -    |   false   |
|    placeholder     |          string           |                                                     The Textarea's placeholder text.                                                     |    -    |   false   |
|      required      |          boolean          |                                    Specifies whether or not a Textarea is required to be filled out.                                     |  false  |   false   |
|       size\*       |           Size            |                                      Size of the component. The change is reflected on the height.                                       |  large  |   false   |
|       value        |          string           |                                                        The value of the Textarea.                                                        |    -    |   true    |
| variablesClassName |          string           |                                                     Accepts custom CSS class names.                                                      |    -    |   false   |

**Sizes**

1. large
2. medium

## Getting Started

```javascript
import React, { Component, useState } from 'react';
import { TextArea } from '@codelittinc/agnostic-design-system';

const SimpleTextArea = () => {
  const [value, setValue] = useState('');

  const handleChange = e => {
    setValue(e.target.value);
  };

  return (
    <TextArea
      onChange={handleChange}
      value={value}
      label='Simple TextArea'
      placeholder='Enter Text'
    />
  );
};

export default SimpleTextArea;
```

# Variables available

|  Property   |    Attribute     |                     State                      |
| :---------: | :--------------: | :--------------------------------------------: |
|             | background-color |         hover, focus, active, disabled         |
|             |      border      | hover, focus, active, disabled, valid, invalid |
|             |  border-radius   |                                                |
|             |      color       |                                                |
|             |   font-family    |                                                |
|             |    font-size     |                                                |
|             |   font-weight    |                                                |
|             |      height      |                                                |
|             |   line-height    |                                                |
|             |      margin      |                                                |
|             |     padding      |                                                |
|             |      width       |                                                |
| description |      color       |                                                |
| description |   font-family    |                                                |
| description |    font-size     |                                                |
| description |   font-weight    |                                                |
| description |   line-height    |                                                |
| description |      height      |                                                |
|    label    |      color       |                                                |
|    label    |   font-family    |                                                |
|    label    |    font-size     |                                                |
|    label    |   font-weight    |                                                |
|    label    |   line-height    |                                                |
|    label    |      height      |                                                |
|   message   |      color       |                    invalid                     |
|   message   |   font-family    |                                                |
|   message   |    font-size     |                                                |
|   message   |   font-weight    |                                                |
|   message   |   line-height    |                                                |
|   message   |      height      |                                                |
| placeholder |      color       |                                                |
| placeholder |   font-family    |                                                |
| placeholder |    font-size     |                                                |
| placeholder |   font-weight    |                                                |

Commit message:

Add maxlength property to Textarea component

src/components/TextArea/TextArea.stories.mdx, after:

# TextArea Component

## Type: Simple

## TextArea Props

|        Prop        |           Type            |                                                               Description                                                                | Default | Mandatory |
| :----------------: | :-----------------------: | :--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :-----: | :-------: |
|    description     |          string           |                                                  Text that displays above the textarea.                                                  |    -    |   false   |
|      disabled      |          boolean          |                                       Specifies whether or not a textarea is disabled/actionable.                                        |  false  |   false   |
|         id         |          string           |                                                                Unique id.                                                                |    -    |   true    |
|   invalidMessage   |          string           | Text that displays when validation fails for the Textarea's value. The **required** property needs to be set to true for this to appear. |    -    |   false   |
|       label        | string \| React.ReactNode |                                                  Text that displays above the Textarea.                                                  |    -    |   false   |
|     maxLength      |          string           |                                              Maximum number of characters for the textarea.                                              |    -    |   false   |
|      message       |          string           |                                                  Text that displays below the Textarea.                                                  |    -    |   false   |
|       onBlur       |     (e: any) => void      |                                 Calls a function whenever the user clicks outside of a focused Textarea.                                 |    -    |   false   |
|      onChange      |     (e: any) => void      |                               Calls a function whenever a change in an event of the textarea is detected.                                |    -    |   true    |
|   onStateChange    | (state: boolean) => void  |                                 It returns a boolean on **onChange** event when **required** is applied                                  |    -    |   false   |
|    placeholder     |          string           |                                                     The Textarea's placeholder text.                                                     |    -    |   false   |
|      required      |          boolean          |                                    Specifies whether or not a Textarea is required to be filled out.                                     |  false  |   false   |
|       size\*       |           Size            |                                      Size of the component. The change is reflected on the height.                                       |  large  |   false   |
|       value        |          string           |                                                        The value of the Textarea.                                                        |    -    |   true    |
| variablesClassName |          string           |                                                     Accepts custom CSS class names.                                                      |    -    |   false   |

**Sizes**

1. large
2. medium

## Getting Started

```javascript
import React, { Component, useState } from 'react';
import { TextArea } from '@codelittinc/agnostic-design-system';

const SimpleTextArea = () => {
  const [value, setValue] = useState('');

  const handleChange = e => {
    setValue(e.target.value);
  };

  return (
    <TextArea
      onChange={handleChange}
      value={value}
      label='Simple TextArea'
      placeholder='Enter Text'
    />
  );
};

export default SimpleTextArea;
```

# Variables available

|  Property   |    Attribute     |                     State                      |
| :---------: | :--------------: | :--------------------------------------------: |
|             | background-color |         hover, focus, active, disabled         |
|             |      border      | hover, focus, active, disabled, valid, invalid |
|             |  border-radius   |                                                |
|             |      color       |                                                |
|             |   font-family    |                                                |
|             |    font-size     |                                                |
|             |   font-weight    |                                                |
|             |      height      |                                                |
|             |   line-height    |                                                |
|             |      margin      |                                                |
|             |     padding      |                                                |
|             |      width       |                                                |
| description |      color       |                                                |
| description |   font-family    |                                                |
| description |    font-size     |                                                |
| description |   font-weight    |                                                |
| description |   line-height    |                                                |
| description |      height      |                                                |
|    label    |      color       |                                                |
|    label    |   font-family    |                                                |
|    label    |    font-size     |                                                |
|    label    |   font-weight    |                                                |
|    label    |   line-height    |                                                |
|    label    |      height      |                                                |
|   message   |      color       |                    invalid                     |
|   message   |   font-family    |                                                |
|   message   |    font-size     |                                                |
|   message   |   font-weight    |                                                |
|   message   |   line-height    |                                                |
|   message   |      height      |                                                |
| placeholder |      color       |                                                |
| placeholder |   font-family    |                                                |
| placeholder |    font-size     |                                                |
| placeholder |   font-weight    |                                                |
