src/components/RichTextEditor/RichTextEditor.stories.mdx, before:

# RichTextEditor Component

## Type: Simple

## RichTextEditor Props

|         Prop         |   Type   |                                   Description                                   |   Default   | Mandatory |
| :------------------: | :------: | :-----------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :---------: | :-------: |
|  displayOnlyOnFocus  | boolean  | Specifies whether or not the menu will be hidden when the editor is not in use. |      -      |   false   |
|   menuEditOptions    | string[] |                 List of the edit options available on the menu.                 | All options |   false   |
| menuPositionedBottom | boolean  |      Specifies whether or not the menu bar should be under the text input.      |      -      |   false   |
|    editorContent     |  string  |          Text to be displayed by default inside the editor container.           |      -      |   false   |
|   placeholderText    |  string  |             Text to be displayed as a placeholder on the container.             |      -      |   false   |
|  variablesClassName  |  string  |                         Accepts custom CSS class names.                         |      -      |   false   |

**Menu Edit Options**

1. blockquote
2. bullet list
3. code block
4. hard break
5. h1
6. h2
7. h3
8. h4
9. h5
10. h6
11. horizontal rule
12. ordered list
13. bold
14. code
15. italic
16. strike
17. underline
18. clear marks
19. clear nodes
20. undo
21. redo
22. table
23. image

## Getting Started

```javascript
import React from 'react';
import { RichTextEditor } from '@codelittinc/agnostic-design-system';

const SimpleRichTextEditor = () => {
  return (
    <RichTextEditor
      menuEditOptions={['blockquote', 'bullet list', 'code block', 'hard break', 'h1', 'redo']}
      editorContent='<h2>Edit here</h2><br><br>'
    />
  );
};

export default SimpleRichTextEditor;
```

# Variables available

|     Property     |         Attribute          |             State              |
| :--------------: | :------------------------: | :----------------------------: |
|      button      |        align-items         |                                |
|      button      |       align-content        |                                |
|      button      |      background-color      | hover, focus, active, disabled |
|      button      |           border           | hover, focus, active, disabled |
|      button      |       border-radius        |                                |
|      button      |         box-shadow         | hover, focus, active, disabled |
|      button      |           color            | hover, focus, active, disabled |
|      button      |           cursor           | hover, focus, active, disabled |
|      button      |          display           |                                |
|      button      |       flex-direction       |                                |
|      button      |         flex-wrap          |                                |
|      button      |        font-family         |                                |
|      button      |         font-size          |                                |
|      button      |        font-weight         |                                |
|      button      |           height           |                                |
|      button      |      justify-content       |                                |
|      button      |        line-height         |                                |
|      button      |           margin           |                                |
|      button      |          padding           |                                |
|      button      |           width            |                                |
|      button      | background-color-is-active |                                |
|      button      |      color-is-active       |                                |
| editor container |           border           |             focus              |
| editor container |           height           |                                |
| editor container |           width            |                                |
|     menu bar     |        align-items         |                                |
|     menu bar     |      background-color      |                                |
|     menu bar     |       border-radius        |                                |
|     menu bar     |           height           |                                |
|     menu bar     |      justify-content       |                                |
|     menu bar     |           width            |                                |
|   placeholder    |           color            |                                |

Commit message:

Update RichTextEditor adding the option to add icons to buttons

src/components/RichTextEditor/RichTextEditor.stories.mdx, after:

# RichTextEditor Component

## Type: Simple

## RichTextEditor Props

|         Prop         |   Type   |                                   Description                                   |   Default   | Mandatory |
| :------------------: | :------: | :-----------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :---------: | :-------: |
|     buttonIcons      | object[] |   List of objects containing the button name and the icon that it should use.   |      -      |   false   |
|  displayOnlyOnFocus  | boolean  | Specifies whether or not the menu will be hidden when the editor is not in use. |      -      |   false   |
|   menuEditOptions    | string[] |                 List of the edit options available on the menu.                 | All options |   false   |
| menuPositionedBottom | boolean  |      Specifies whether or not the menu bar should be under the text input.      |      -      |   false   |
|    editorContent     |  string  |          Text to be displayed by default inside the editor container.           |      -      |   false   |
|   placeholderText    |  string  |             Text to be displayed as a placeholder on the container.             |      -      |   false   |
|  variablesClassName  |  string  |                         Accepts custom CSS class names.                         |      -      |   false   |

**Menu Edit Options**

1. blockquote
2. bullet list
3. code block
4. hard break
5. h1
6. h2
7. h3
8. h4
9. h5
10. h6
11. horizontal rule
12. ordered list
13. bold
14. code
15. italic
16. strike
17. underline
18. clear marks
19. clear nodes
20. undo
21. redo
22. table
23. image

**Button Icons**

Should receive an array of objects containing the 'buttonName' and 'icon' keys with its values being the name of the button and the icon that it should use.

example:

```
buttonIcons: [
  {buttonName: 'h1', icon: <SearchIcon height='15' width='15' />},
  {buttonName: 'underline', icon: <ArrowUp height='15' width='15' />}
]
```

## Getting Started

```javascript
import React from 'react';
import { RichTextEditor } from '@codelittinc/agnostic-design-system';

const SimpleRichTextEditor = () => {
  return (
    <RichTextEditor
      menuEditOptions={['blockquote', 'bullet list', 'code block', 'hard break', 'h1', 'redo']}
      editorContent='<h2>Edit here</h2><br><br>'
    />
  );
};

export default SimpleRichTextEditor;
```

# Variables available

|     Property     |         Attribute          |             State              |
| :--------------: | :------------------------: | :----------------------------: |
|      button      |        align-items         |                                |
|      button      |       align-content        |                                |
|      button      |      background-color      | hover, focus, active, disabled |
|      button      |           border           | hover, focus, active, disabled |
|      button      |       border-radius        |                                |
|      button      |         box-shadow         | hover, focus, active, disabled |
|      button      |           color            | hover, focus, active, disabled |
|      button      |           cursor           | hover, focus, active, disabled |
|      button      |          display           |                                |
|      button      |       flex-direction       |                                |
|      button      |         flex-wrap          |                                |
|      button      |        font-family         |                                |
|      button      |         font-size          |                                |
|      button      |        font-weight         |                                |
|      button      |           height           |                                |
|      button      |      justify-content       |                                |
|      button      |        line-height         |                                |
|      button      |           margin           |                                |
|      button      |          padding           |                                |
|      button      |           width            |                                |
|      button      | background-color-is-active |                                |
|      button      |      color-is-active       |                                |
| editor container |           border           |             focus              |
| editor container |           height           |                                |
| editor container |           width            |                                |
|     menu bar     |        align-items         |                                |
|     menu bar     |      background-color      |                                |
|     menu bar     |       border-radius        |                                |
|     menu bar     |           height           |                                |
|     menu bar     |      justify-content       |                                |
|     menu bar     |           width            |                                |
|   placeholder    |           color            |                                |
