src/components/PaginatedTable/PaginatedTable.stories.mdx, before:

# PaginatedTable Component

## Type: Composite

The PaginatedTable contains the following components: [Table](https://design-system.codelitt.dev/?path=/docs/components-table--default), [Pagination](https://design-system.codelitt.dev/?path=/docs/components-pagination--default) and [NumericInput](https://design-system.codelitt.dev/?path=/docs/components-numeric-input--default).

## PaginatedTable Props

|        Prop        |              Type               |                                                  Description                                                    |        Default        | Mandatory |
| :----------------: | :-----------------------------: | :-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :-------------------: | :-------: |
|   buttonNextIcon   |         React.ReactNode         |                                Displays the icon for the next pagination button.                                | <span> &rarr; </span> |   false   |
|   buttonPrevIcon   |         React.ReactNode         |                              Displays the icon for the previous pagination button.                              | <span> &larr; </span> |   false   |
|    currentPage     |             number              |                                Specifies the current page visible for the table.                                |           -           |   true    |
|  handlePageChange  |            function             |               Specifies what should happens when a change event is triggered on the page number.                |           -           |   true    |
|     onRowClick     |            function             |      Specifies what happens when a user clicks in a specific row. Receives the row index and the row data.      |           -           |   false   |
|   onRowMouseEnter  |            function             |    Specifies what happens when a user hovers in a specific row. Receives the row index and the row data.        |           -           |   false   |
|   onRowMouseLeave  |            function             |  Specifies what happens when a user ceases hovering in a specific row. Receives the row index and the row data. |           -           |   false   |
|     headerList     | array of strings or react nodes |                     Specifies the list to be used to populate the PaginatedTable header.                        |           -           |   true    |
| itemsOnCurrentPage | array of strings or react nodes |                          Specifies what should be the items displayed on the table.                             |           -           |   true    |
|       limit        |             number              |                         Specifies the maximum number of items each page should have.                            |           -           |   true    |
| totalNumberOfItems |             number              |                        Defines the total number of items to be displayed on the table.                          |           -           |   true    |
| variablesClassName |             string              |                       Specifies the custom class to apply styles to the PaginatedTable.                         |           -           |   false   |

## Getting Started

```javascript
import { PaginatedTable } from '@codelittinc/agnostic-design-system';

const props = {
  currentPage: 1,
  handlePageChange: e => e,
  headerList: ['First Name', 'Last Name', 'Handle', 'User Type', 'Status'],
  itemsOnCurrentPage: [
    ['John', 'Oto', '@timo', 'type1', 'Active'],
    ['Mark', 'Howard', '@mdo', 'type2', 'Inactive'],
    ['Jacob', 'Martin', '@mdo', 'type1', 'Active'],
    ['Lary', 'King', '@timo', 'type1', 'Inactive'],
    ['Helen', 'Bonham', '@timo', 'type2', 'Active'],
    ['Felix', 'Dougherty', '@timo', 'type1', 'Active'],
    ['Joseph', 'Thomas', '@timo', 'type1', 'Inactive'],
    ['Richard', 'Cardenas', '@timo', 'type1', 'Active']
  ],
  totalNumberOfItems: 15
};

const PaginatedTable = props => {
  return <PaginatedTable {...props} />;
};

export default PaginatedTable;
```

## CSS Variables Available

Given the nature of a composite component, in addition to its own, the PaginatedTable utilizes CSS variables from the Table, Pagination and NumericInput components.
PaginatedTable variables are listed in the table below.

### Variables of the PaginatedTable component

|      Property      |    Attribute    | State |
| :----------------: | :-------------: | :---: |
|                    |   align-items   |       |
|                    |   font-family   |       |
|                    |    font-size    |       |
|                    |   font-weight   |       |
|                    | justify-content |       |
|                    |     padding     |       |
|                    |    overflow     |       |
|      button        |   font-family   |       |
|      button        |    font-size    |       |
|      button        |   font-weight   |       |
|      button        |     padding     |       |
|      buttons       |     display     |       |
|   clickable-row    |     cursor      |       |
|      footer        |    font-size    |       |
|   footer-wrapper   |     display     |       |
|   footer-wrapper   |  flex-direction |       |
|    page-input      |    max-width    |       |
|    page-number     |   text-align    |       |
|    page-number     |   white-space   |       |
|     separator      |     color       |       |
|     separator      |     margin      |       |
| total-number-items |     margin      |       |

Commit message:

Add Empty State to Paginated Table

src/components/PaginatedTable/PaginatedTable.stories.mdx, after:

# PaginatedTable Component

## Type: Composite

The PaginatedTable contains the following components: [Table](https://design-system.codelitt.dev/?path=/docs/components-table--default), [Pagination](https://design-system.codelitt.dev/?path=/docs/components-pagination--default) and [NumericInput](https://design-system.codelitt.dev/?path=/docs/components-numeric-input--default).

## PaginatedTable Props

|        Prop        |              Type               |                                                  Description                                                   |        Default        | Mandatory |
| :----------------: | :-----------------------------: | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :-------------------: | :-------: |
|   buttonNextIcon   |         React.ReactNode         |                               Displays the icon for the next pagination button.                                | <span> &rarr; </span> |   false   |
|   buttonPrevIcon   |         React.ReactNode         |                             Displays the icon for the previous pagination button.                              | <span> &larr; </span> |   false   |
|    currentPage     |             number              |                               Specifies the current page visible for the table.                                |           -           |   true    |
|  handlePageChange  |            function             |               Specifies what should happens when a change event is triggered on the page number.               |           -           |   true    |
|     onRowClick     |            function             |     Specifies what happens when a user clicks in a specific row. Receives the row index and the row data.      |           -           |   false   |
|  onRowMouseEnter   |            function             |     Specifies what happens when a user hovers in a specific row. Receives the row index and the row data.      |           -           |   false   |
|  onRowMouseLeave   |            function             | Specifies what happens when a user ceases hovering in a specific row. Receives the row index and the row data. |           -           |   false   |
|     headerList     | array of strings or react nodes |                      Specifies the list to be used to populate the PaginatedTable header.                      |           -           |   true    |
| itemsOnCurrentPage | array of strings or react nodes |                           Specifies what should be the items displayed on the table.                           |           -           |   true    |
|       limit        |             number              |                          Specifies the maximum number of items each page should have.                          |           -           |   true    |
|  renderEmptyState  |      () => React.ReactNode      |                  Render an ReactNode in case there are no items in the table to be displayed.                  |           -           |   false   |
| totalNumberOfItems |             number              |                        Defines the total number of items to be displayed on the table.                         |           -           |   true    |
| variablesClassName |             string              |                       Specifies the custom class to apply styles to the PaginatedTable.                        |           -           |   false   |

## Getting Started

```javascript
import { PaginatedTable } from '@codelittinc/agnostic-design-system';

const props = {
  currentPage: 1,
  handlePageChange: e => e,
  headerList: ['First Name', 'Last Name', 'Handle', 'User Type', 'Status'],
  itemsOnCurrentPage: [
    ['John', 'Oto', '@timo', 'type1', 'Active'],
    ['Mark', 'Howard', '@mdo', 'type2', 'Inactive'],
    ['Jacob', 'Martin', '@mdo', 'type1', 'Active'],
    ['Lary', 'King', '@timo', 'type1', 'Inactive'],
    ['Helen', 'Bonham', '@timo', 'type2', 'Active'],
    ['Felix', 'Dougherty', '@timo', 'type1', 'Active'],
    ['Joseph', 'Thomas', '@timo', 'type1', 'Inactive'],
    ['Richard', 'Cardenas', '@timo', 'type1', 'Active']
  ],
  totalNumberOfItems: 15
};

const PaginatedTable = props => {
  return <PaginatedTable {...props} />;
};

export default PaginatedTable;
```

## CSS Variables Available

Given the nature of a composite component, in addition to its own, the PaginatedTable utilizes CSS variables from the Table, Pagination and NumericInput components.
PaginatedTable variables are listed in the table below.

### Variables of the PaginatedTable component

|      Property      |    Attribute    | State |
| :----------------: | :-------------: | :---: |
|                    |   align-items   |       |
|                    |   font-family   |       |
|                    |    font-size    |       |
|                    |   font-weight   |       |
|                    | justify-content |       |
|                    |     padding     |       |
|                    |    overflow     |       |
|       button       |   font-family   |       |
|       button       |    font-size    |       |
|       button       |   font-weight   |       |
|       button       |     padding     |       |
|      buttons       |     display     |       |
|   clickable-row    |     cursor      |       |
|       footer       |    font-size    |       |
|   footer-wrapper   |     display     |       |
|   footer-wrapper   | flex-direction  |       |
|     page-input     |    max-width    |       |
|    page-number     |   text-align    |       |
|    page-number     |   white-space   |       |
|     separator      |      color      |       |
|     separator      |     margin      |       |
| total-number-items |     margin      |       |
